Nathan Forbes
will you marry me what
where are you out of your goddamn mind
you probably did hit your head
gotta get you checked out ASAP
I thought you were uh
marrying Jack Marshall yeah
in a month I don't know what's got into her
oh I changed my mind
I'll ask again Nathan
will you marry me I'm flattered
but I clearly remember you calling me a man whore
who belongs to the streets
that was college and now he's worse player honestly
what the fudge let's go
but Abby can you just wait for me in the car
fine but holler if you need me
okay
run along now
so you've been dating Jack Marshall since middle school
what has been like a decade
a decade exactly yeah so what's changed
look he's not a good person Nathan
I didn't see that before but I see it now
and what makes you think that I'm a good person Blair